Force Adaptation Of Actin Networks
Keywords: Prestress, stress stiffening, density

Here we discuss the adaptation of actin networks under load. Discuss adaptation at short versus long time-scales. Discuss the ambiguous distinction between pre-stress and stress: mention the difference between externally & internally applied stress, which is probably a more precise and fruitful distinction.

* Starting point of single filament F-V law (brownian ratchet concept), and Myosin filament F-V law (Hill's law)

* Load adaptation of Lamellipodial Actin Networks, 2017 (Mueller, ..., Sixt)
Using micropipette aspiration on the rear of polarized keratinocyte cells, the membrane tension can be modulated at the whole cell scale (this tension has been shown to propagate across the cell body). The lamelipodial actin network, on the other side of the cell, propel the cell by polymerizing against the membrane and pushing it forward, with the membrane tension acting as counter-force. The authors use cryo-EM imaging to map the architecture of the lamelipodial network and observe how it responds to these modulations of the membrane tension. They show that a network polymerizing against an increased tension is denser. It also leads to a larger dispersion in the angular distribution of filaments orientation with respect to the cell edge. Conversely when the tension is brought down, the network grow sparser with more filaments growing almost perpendicularly to the cell edge. 
The authors propose a model based on the properties of the single filament, the fact that Arp2/3 branchings have a preferred angle close to 70°, and the idea that the filament length is mostly regulated by capping proteins, which stop the polymerization by binding to the barbed end of F-actin, and which are less concentrated close to the cell edge. Against a higher membrane tension, each filament polymerization speed is brought down compared to the rate of branching events: the network grows denser, and the Arp2/3 branchings are deformed by the pushing force (because at this length the filaments are very stiff). In the case of decreased tension, the polymerization speed is opposed by very little force, and the rate of capping becomes the main factor limiting filament growth. Hence filaments growing perpendicularly to the cell edge are favored, because they reach the cell edge faster and are less likely to be capped there. In a way, this model scales-up the single filament F-V law to describe the growth of the whole lamelipodial network.

* Force feedback contols motors activity & mechanical props of self assembling branched actin network.
Here the authors prepare in-vitro branched actin networks under the cantilever of a flat AFM. They use the following set of ingredients: Arp2/3, capping prot, NPS, on top of actin and ATP. The aim is to observe the effect of force on both the architecture of the branched network and its mechanical properties. The AFM cantilever can be used to generate a control load during the network polymerization, and of course to probe the network properties. The main results are the following: Load applied during a network growth makes it denser. At the microscale this density increase is caused by a higher number of filaments, not by a variation of their length. At the network scale, the result of this density increase is a higher stiffness, and a higher failure stress. Let's get into the details of these results.
1) Filament length. An applied load distribute on the filaments of the network and acording to their F-V law, decrease their polymerisation speed. It should result in shorter filaments if the rate of capping would remain constant, however this rate is also decreased under load, proportionnaly with the polymerisation speed. Together with a constant activity of Arp2/3 nucleators, this explains why the resulting network is denser while the average filament length is unchanged.
2) Arp2/3 branching. As the filaments in the network are relatively small, they are difficult to bend than the Arp2/3 branching points. From an average "attack angle" of 52° under no constaint, an increased load bring this angle down as low as 16°.
3) Elastic modulus. As expected the branched networks made denser by the applied load are also stiffer. However their elastic modulus scales with their density following a weak pwer law: Eb~Ca^0.6 vs Ei~Ca^2 for isotropic actin networks. This is probably because the micro-scale events which cause these scaling are different in the two families of network. In isotropic networks: *** [NEED STH HERE !]. In branched networks: mesoscale interlocking of actin trees, bending of the Arp2/3 branching points.
4) Cross-linkers