Overview -> WRITE
The Magnetic Pincher setup consists of an inverted microscope used in bright field illumination, with a system mounted on the microscope stage to generate a uniform magnetic field at the location of the imaged sample. This system can be an array of permanent magnets or a pair of electromagnetic coils. The protocol, whose main steps are summarized on Fig. 1, is based on 4.5 µm superparamagnetic microbeads, the M-450 Dynabeads. Cells are incubated with these beads until a significant uptake is reached. Then, cells are transferred in the experimental chamber, together with additional beads. The chamber, placed on the microscope, is exposed to a controlled uniform magnetic field. The beads magnetize and attract each other at short range, forming pairs or chains of beads. This self-organization generates simultaneously a large number of pinching events in the chamber (Fig. 2A, 2D), meaning a situation where a bead inside the cell forms a pair with another outside the cell, which pinches the cell cortex. Such beads can then be filmed under bright field illumination, and the images analyzed with a simple algorithm tracking the beads positions (Fig. 2B). This way we compute the cortical thickness and its evolution in time (Fig. 2C) with a high spatial (≈ 30 nm) and temporal resolution (up to 100 Hz). 
Cell lines

Micropatterning
3T3 fibroblasts are adhering cells that spread a lot when cultured on a 2D substrate. When they have this shape, it is difficult to use the Magnetic Pincher because of what we nicknamed the “tent-pole effect”: the inner bead is larger than the typical height of a spread fibroblast. The bead will be brought toward the center of the cell where it acts as a “tent-pole”. Because of the curvature of the cell surface, it is very hard in these conditions to form a pair with another bead outside; and if it happens, the beads are usually in different planes, thus impossible to image.
On the other hand, 3T3 cells do not survive for a very long time when they cannot adhere to a substrate. This is why we used fibronectin micropatterns to limit their spreading without preventing them from adhering. More precisely, we developed a protocol to make fluorodish-like chambers, where the glass bottom is passivated with PLL-Peg, and micropatterned with fibronectin discs.
Since the average diameter of 3T3 cells in suspension is roughly 18 µm, they form a quasi-hemispheric shape when adhering on discs that have a diameter close to this value. Thus, we picked 20 µm as our standard pattern size.

Magnetic Field
This technique requires the generation of a uniform magnetic field over the experimental chamber. When exposed to an external magnetic field, superparamagnetic beads will become magnetic dipoles, with a magnetic moment that is a function of the applied field. Because the gradient of the external field is negligible, there is no long-range magnetic force and the beads do not drift. Instead, the dipolar force generated by each bead causes them to attract each other. This leads to a self-organization of the beads present in the experimental chamber, forming pairs or chains aligned with the magnetic field (Fig. 5A, 4B). We insist here on the importance of the field uniformity: too strong a gradient of magnetic field would cause superparamagnetic beads to drift toward the higher field regions.
Magnetic Beads

Magnetic Pincher & Image analysis
